[OSDOCS#16946]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114626)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/storage-persistent-storage-nfs-selinux.adoc

[id="nfs-selinux_{context}"]
= SELinux

[role="_abstract"]
{op-system-base-full} and {op-system-first} systems are configured to use SELinux on remote NFS servers by default.

> For non-{op-system-base} and non-{op-system} systems, SELinux does not allow writing from a pod to a remote NFS server. The NFS volume mounts correctly but it is read-only. You will need to enable the correct SELinux permissions by using the following procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
For non-{op-system-base} and non-{op-system} systems, SELinux does not allow writing from a pod to a remote NFS server. The NFS volume mounts correctly but it is read-only. You need to manually enable the correct SELinux permissions.

{op-system-base-full} and {op-system-first} systems are configured to use SELinux on remote NFS servers by default.

The following procedure shows how to enable the correct SELinux permissions.
```
